EPISODE 27
You mean, you want me
to badmouth her to others?
No. That's not what we meant.
We just think it's very unfair
when you see the villain gloating.
Well, this requires a long strategy.
Let me think as I eat.
Er-xi!
Wei-wei!
- Why is she--
- Fancy running into you here!
I hear this place has yummy chicken wings.
What are you doing here?
Let me introduce you.
This is the campus belle, Yi-ran Meng.
I think you know her.
This is her roommate, Nana.
We're both interns at Zhenyi Tech.
We're very close.
They're treating me to dinner!
Er-xi has a big appetite.
You're treating her to dinner?
You're so nice.
- Aren't you heartbroken?
- I am.
My Beckham!
Why did you marry that wench, Victoria?
And you had a bunch of kids!
My heart aches so!
Being heartbroken is painful.
Poor kid. It's been years.
She hasn't recovered from it.
You...
I'm telling you,
Wei-wei is my good friend.
Eat some, too, Wei-wei.
It's okay. I'll take a rain check.
After all, not everyone's interested
in other people's food.
I need to go.
Yi-ran!
Server! Give them the bill!
Yi-ran. Let me explain, Yi-ran!
- I didn't know they were still friends.
- Leave me alone.
No, Yi-ran! Listen to me, Yi-ran!
Wait! Yi-ran,
I didn't know they were still friends.
Drive.
Stop eating. I'll take you somewhere else.
There's still so much food.
Show some backbone!
I just said, we don't eat others' food.
Come on!
- Let me eat some more.
- Come on, let's go!
I shouldn't have ordered so much food.
It felt good to waste their money,
but it's still a shame to squander
so much yummy food.
Why? Should we take more food away?
A-shuang?
What is it?
I saw someone I know.
Shouldn't he be working overtime
at the office?
What's he doing here?
Mister, can we go back
and pick up the girl I was with?
Why didn't she get in earlier?
Stop the car.
So what if you're stinkng rich?
Must everyone wait on you?
It serves you right,
Nai Xiao doesn't like you.
If you got everything you wanted,
that'd be so unfair.
I hope no one will ever truly love you.
That'd really make my day.
So what if you're pretty?
You're still stupid
and get bossed around by me.
Are we still picking her up?
Just drive.
Well?
The number's the same as this morning.
Still at 1.1 GB.
ZHIYI TECH
Here's the document.
- Thanks.
- Do you need anything else?
- No.
- Okay.
Come get lunch! Thanks.
These are for today.
And this is last week's invoice.
Take a look.
Um... What's with this company?
You don't have a normal reception desk?
Every time I come,
he's always acting weird here.
If I weren't so brave,
I'd be scared to deliver to you.
Are you a legit establishment?
We're a normal gaming company.
Absolutely legit.
Well then, he...
What you don't know is
a lot of spiritual energy gathers here,
so it's easier to find inspiration.
When our programmers get coder's block,
this is where they come.
Sounds like mystical high tech.
But he looks like
he hasn't washed his hair in days.
Is this hairdo
also meant to find inspiration?
Look, with his hair spiked up,
it's easier to receive inspiration.
It kind of works like an antenna.
That does make some sense.
- The invoice is fine. I'll settle it.
- Okay.
- Come on, let's eat.
- Got it.
Deliver every day this week, too?
Make lunch on the 31 the last delivery.
- I'll call you, if we need more.
- Okay.
Mr. Qiu, are they stuck
on a problem or something?
Why don't they come out to eat?
That's right, we did a test this morning.
Optimization didn't reach
the expected result.
Ms. Wei-wei, we're so pressed for time,
it's only normal that
the quality of his work
would suffer a little, right?
Nai is too insistent on perfection.
Now he's teamed up with K.O.,
also a perfectionist
with a penchant for reaching goals.
The combination of these two
is too much for me.
Let's eat.
Nai's been holed up in there for two days?
He hasn't slept?
They were up, when I left last night.
They were already working,
when I got here in the morning.
But Lord slept for 30 minutes at noon.
If they keep this up,
won't their bodies crash?
Why should you worry about that?
I finally get it now.
The difference between me and them
isn't up here.
It's about energy and stamina.
Look at those two deviants.
They sleep three hours a day,
yet are still energetic.
They're inhuman!
But it's already the 30th.
We're flying to Shanghai tomorrow night.
They're still stuck. Will we make it?
Forget those two.
I've seen the optimization results.
It's pretty good, albeit not yet ideal.
So, these two are deviants.
We can't help it that they're masochists.
Even if we present this version right now,
we won't lose.
Should we ask them to come out and eat?
No, Ms. Wei-wei. Leave the food here.
They'll come out when they're hungry.
- You're out!
- Yes.
Let me heat it up. It's gone cold.
It's okay. I'm done eating.
Come on, I'll take you somewhere.
- Where?
- Flower market.
- It's a long way. Why there?
- You'll find out soon.
Swap the two formats.
- Will it be ready by tomorrow?
- I think so.
Where are you off to, Nai?
How come it's so empty?
Wouldn't it be odd, if it were crowded?
- It's Chinese Valentine's Day today.
- Chinese Valentine's Day?
Yes, this place was always bustling
on Chinese Valentine's Day.
I never took you out all summer.
So I wanted to bring you here.
Aren't you a bit thoughtless,
waiting this long?
But, Wei-wei,
you never took me here, either.
- What?
- You even forgot Chinese Valentine's Day.
That's very thoughtless of you.
So sorry. Will my boyfriend
please be the bigger person
and forgive me?
I forgive you reluctantly. Never again.
Why are you so quiet?
I want you to rest your brains.
You only slept a little yesterday.
Now you're taking me out.
I'd rather you use the time to sleep.
I don't feel tired.
You mean, I can boss you around
as much as I want?
I don't think you've ever
bossed me around. You can try.
I could take that as a threat.
It's an invitation.
It's okay, you've been so busy.
I won't give you a quest.
A couple's quest?
Are you and K.O. stuck on something?
We're still a bit off
from the expected result.
Houzi Jiu told me,
your work is already excellent.
You're just too insistent on perfection.
I'm not saying you should give up.
It's just...
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Perhaps if you rest a bit
and get inspired,
you'll have better results. Right?
Let's go.
Right now, there's probably more bustling
in the game, than in real life.
They're probably setting off fireworks.
What's the matter?
- I got it!
- Got what?
We should be okay now.
- It'll work for sure this time.
- Yes.
The equipment pack is well made, too.
- It'll be fine.
- Hey.
Why does everyone look so nervous?
Early this morning,
Mr. Xiao said he's nailed it.
Now they're running the program.
We're waiting to see the result.
How late did he stay up last night?
Running a normal scene,
the RAM usage is about 750.
It's lower than expected.
Let's simulate
the Hebo flood-fighting scene.
It's so smooth, I could cry.
No graphics corruption at all.
It's 880 at the highest.
The average is maintained at around 820.
Yes! It's consistently taking up
less than 1 GB.
We did it, Nai!
We reduced the RAM usage by nearly half.
We did it! We made it!
No more overtime! I want to sleep!
I want to sleep for 100 hours!
- Did it work?
- Is it done?
- Seriously?
- We did it!
They did it?
It must be, Mei is hugging everyone.
Come here. Thanks for your hard work.
Here, Nai! Thanks for your hard work!
Nai! K.O.! This time, I have to admit,
you two are slightly better than me.
Yeah, right!
- Here they come.
- They're out.
Well? Mr. Xiao, have we made it?
Everyone, despite the tight schedule,
we still completed
the optimization in time.
- Excellent.
- We really did it.
I'm so surprised.
There's no graphics corruption?
Don't worry. It's absolutely perfect.
- Please reward us.
- I'll slip in there.
As previously planned, this time,
I, Ban-shan,
Houzi, Mei Hao, A-shuang, and K.O.
will attend the Shanghai demo.
The rest of you are now
on a two-week vacation.
Two weeks?
Paid?
Of course.
Thanks for your hard work.
Go home and rest.
As for tomorrow's demo,
you can bring up any suggestions
or ideas right now.
I have a suggestion.
As an artist,
I take no issue with everything else,
except for these guys here.
You'll be representing Zhiyi Tech.
Can you maybe clean up your looks a bit?
Not you, Mr. Xiao, of course.
Your face is attractive enough.
As for the others,
I think they would benefit
from some shopping
and grooming.
Take Yugong, for example, not neat at all.
You think I'm not neat? Huh?
It's not that you're not neat,
you just don't look tidy.
This is a good suggestion.
I think we should take it.
Any other issues?
No.
You're dismissed.
I'll skip Shanghai.
I don't like social events.
Plus, I don't like formal wear.
You can skip the demo,
since you don't like to talk,
but you should let us see you
in formal wear.
Boss, I have a suit.
I'll take a rain check.
I want to go home and rest.
I don't feel well.
Okay, see you at the airport.
Why is A-shuang acting so weird?
He's clearly overworked.
I feel a bit weird myself.
Let's have a meeting and discuss
the details of the demo.
Fine, we'll do it in the morning.
Perk up!
Let's go optimize your looks.
- Come with us, Wei-wei.
- Okay.
Lady, bring me your best-looking suits.
If there's only one, give it to me.
- No, me!
- Me, too.
Should we shop elsewhere?
Please find a suit for this guy, too.
Sure.
Won't you pick one?
I have several formal suits.
I don't need anything.
You shouldn't wear the same suit as me.
You'll only expose your flaws.
You're worried my buff figure
would make you look like a sissy.
Stop bickering, you two. This suit...
is perfect for a mature and solid man
like me.
You should wear something else.
Mrs. Nai, you be the judge.
Who looks the best?
Why do you guys insist on the same suit?
Only by wearing the same suit,
can you tell
who has the most attractive face.
You all look handsome,
but it's better not to wear the same suit.
People would think you bought wholesale.
How can we all look handsome?
There's got to be a number one,
two, and three.
Mrs. Nai, can't you pay attention
to elegance?
Ms. Wei-wei, be sincere.
Is it so hard for you to tell the truth?
Tell the truth?
Let me organize my thoughts.
Mr. K.O. is so handsome!
Why are you looking at me?
I don't feel right.
You didn't fix the collar.
Seriously, how can you look so handsome
when the suit's messy?
Nobody fastens the second button.
What a bumpkin!
I don't know these things.
It's okay, you don't have to know.
You're handsome.
Never mind.
I'll pick something livelier,
something more me.
Fine, I'll go find... something darker.
Help me look for a suit.
I had no idea Mr. K.O.
would look so handsome in a suit.
Why are you looking at me?
I'm comparing you
to the first time you saw me.
- I'll try this one in my size. Thanks.
- Sure.
- You're buying a suit?
- Just trying it on.
Hello? Er-xi, get a cab
and come over now.
Come watch hot guys try on suits.
Miss this, you'll regret it forever.
What? For real? What hot guys?
From Lord's office.
Hot guys in suits? I'm coming right now.
Why are you being so nice?
You know to share a sweet deal with me!
I just hate to look like a fangirl.
So I want you to be here
to express my feelings through your face.
Hey. What's the address?
You can stay home now.
What? Why? I'm ready to head out.
Because I want this for myself.
Stinky Wei-wei! You put beaus before BFFs!
ZHIYI TECH
I told you, you can't win.
Nai Xiao finished optimization in time.
Looks like he is indeed
a powerful competitor.
Thankfully, I'm well-prepared.
You're not needed
for the rest of the plan. Just take care.
The best is yet to come.
Thank you for shopping with us.
I'll take Wei-wei back.
- Okay. See you at the airport. Bye-bye.
- Bye-bye.
- See you.
- Let's head back to your place.
- Okay.
I'll pack and go to the airport.
Good. I'm leaving tomorrow, too.
To your roommate's place?
Have you been so busy,
you forgot the date?
School starts tomorrow.
I'm moving back to campus.
Let's go.
MONDAY, AUGUST 31st, 2015
I can't take you
to get registered tomorrow.
It'd be scary, if you do.
A crowd might gather around us.
Who can it be?
Dad!
Where are my Bei-hong Xus?
Where did you put my Bei-hong Xus
and Guan-zhong Wus?
- You...
- What's the hurry? Your paintings
can't run off anywhere.
Why are you two standing here?
Wei-wei, go make tea.
Here are the paintings.
I was so worried.
Easy.
- Manuscripts.
- Set them aside.
Why are you thinking about
the paintings now?
Are they more important
than your daughter-in-law?
Nai Xiao, as your parents,
we're not close-minded,
but your girlfriend
- hasn't graduated--
- It's not what you think.
There's an issue with her accommodation.
So she stayed here for a few days.
What about you?
I've been staying at the office.
I just got back.
I'm flying to Shanghai tonight,
for a demo at Fengteng Technology.
Wei-wei is moving back to the dorm.
That's why she's packing.
We're not close-minded parents,
it's just...
Do you support them or not?
Mind your paintings and stay out of this.
Look. You wanted me to care,
and now you don't.
Can you tell me what you want?
Come to a consensus, you two.
I'll be in the kitchen.
You...
What now?
Do Professor Xiao
and Professor Lin think
I'm a girl with loose morals?
They tend to think
I'm the one with loose morals.
But just in case,
you can act like a victim.
I'd like to,
but I've been eating with you guys,
and I've put on weight.
No victim is so well-fed and robust.
Meaning?
You'd really play the victim,
if you didn't put on weight?
It's a must, meeting mother...
When meeting others,
the first impression is key.
Don't worry. I've explained everything.
Go serve your mother-in-law tea.
Go, now.
Fine.
Professor Lin, Professor Xiao,
have some tea.
- Sit down.
- Sit.
Your paper is well written.
Thanks, Professor.
There was an issue
with my roommate's accommodation,
so I stayed here for a few days.
Nai Xiao already told us. It's okay.
Your department chair
lives next door to us.
He's sang your praises.
We know you're a good girl.
We're not close-minded parents, if...
I should go to the airport.
Mom, Wei-wei is going back to campus.
I can't take her.
Give her a ride,
when you go back to campus.
Sure.
Don't... Um...
I don't want to trouble you, really.
It's fine.
Uncle and Auntie, my dorm is up there.
- You don't have to walk me.
- It's fine.
We'll walk you to the door.
It's just ahead?
Isn't that archaeology's Professor Xiao?
Yes, the other is our department's
Professor Lin.
What? Wei-wei Bei has met
Nai Xiao's parents?
Goodness! They're taking her to school?
I've seen plenty of PTAs, but never seen
anyone show off parents-in-law.
- What a sickening scheme!
- Right?
- Is this it?
- Yes.
- Here.
- It's heavy.
It's okay.
All right. Thank you so much, Uncle.
I'll ask my roommates to help me.
- Are you sure? That's a lot of stuff.
- We'll be fine.
Don't be a stranger.
Come visit often, when Nai Xiao returns.
- Okay.
- Good.
I'll take this.
I'll walk you out, Auntie and Uncle.
- It's fine.
- It's okay.
- We'll see ourselves out.
- Head upstairs.
- All right.
- Be careful.
- Goodbye.
- Bye, Uncle and Auntie.
We heard the gossip from upstairs!
Where are his parents?
Lord's parents dropped you off?
You're amazing, Wei-wei!
Other people get dropped off by parents.
You got dropped off by parents-in-law?
Carry my things.
We want details!
- Come on!
- Details!
Hello? Have you landed?
That's fast. The flight wasn't delayed?
Traffic's bad in Shanghai, too?
Okay, don't let me keep you.
Get some rest.
Bye-bye.
"Get some rest."
"Okay, bye-bye."
So sweet!
You and Da-zhong have been like that
for two years.
Don't I get to counterattack?
Enough, you two.
Er-xi and I have it worse.
Didn't you just brush your teeth?
Did you forget?
I snuck some food,
after I brushed my teeth.
What did she say?
She said she snuck some food
after she brushed her teeth.
The big snack pack you brought back.
Huh? What?
Amazing.
After a long day,
I finally get to pamper myself.
Wait, when did the two of you make up?
Why did you fight? Tell us!
Why we fought doesn't matter.
The question is,
where did someone move to
after our fight?
- Right!
- What happened, Wei-wei?
What's going on?
- Tell us! What happened?
- Nothing!
- Tell us!
Nothing, I swear.
What do you want? Nothing happened!
FIRST SEMESTER, SEPTEMBER 2015
REGISTERED
STAMPING
Amazing, Xiao-ling.
You shop while standing in line.
What do you know? I'm being efficient.
There's a huge sale today.
It's a great deal.
I've waited for this forever.
Look, this brand is 70 percent off.
Let me see! It's true!
I have to snatch up a bargain.
Right? A new look for the new semester.
Let them see us gloriously transformed.
Make them jealous.
We're almost up. Shop later.
Hold on.
Okay, I finished in time.
The cart is only good for 20 minutes.
If you don't pay in time,
you'll lose the deal.
It takes money to be a fast payer.
We're juniors already!
I still remember
our military training class.
Like when you got reprimanded
for faking a stomachache?
You're always...
Enough, you two.
What are your plans for later?
I'm getting my intern pay
from Zhenyi Tech.
Who's going with me?
I made plans with Da-zhong.
It's... that time of the month for me.
You have no love.
Even if I do, you won't get it.
- I'm taking off. Bye-bye.
- Bye-bye.
Wei-wei?
Fine, I'm free anyway.
Let's go.
Wait here. Nature calls. Be right back!
Hurry!
MEN'S ROOM
Subtitle translation by Yu-han Lu